hannah galera is all that decides for
front of the flash game he is a
designer beauty thumbnails
I also want to know if those
thumbnails in the video here
it's better even it 's just broke and chemistry
note with the thumbnails there all the
videos fields just in time even want
know who is here O
I think passing me on his channel here makes
sure that it ends right on time
they are good, let's go there with that force
train and enroll on their channel and
beauty
the channel we got there and everything was
ready
I 'm very consumerist of beauty was
that's right
efe gmp beauty I went beyond youtube beauty
What is talking to you is the phantom?
This time in the very different video here.
for you in the game player in the editorial of
art is good first time you are
follow me on twitter because that 's how it is
written on the cool channel you leave the
so with me always on and on
cruet channel will choose the next
video or something like that will see
the channel completely and re-do
draw there for twitter is also good
cool and 1
I let in the description beauty link only
You click to follow us there and also
Then she called me to come back.
started with sevilla will always vote active
nice and with him and realized that another
making French should end
in the ninth title of the video of a pack of
some have suits braskem cartu beauty
Not even time to let go.
also because many people do not
do by cnj will also help a lot
people of very short same training in the video
It is shown to you they wrote
also before downloading but also in the
time and other advanced that bring a lot of
people charging there I'll bring the bill
the government's arrival to tighten
things a little but maybe the week already to
skin for you what 's on and on the channel
beauty is this if you like
bringing more pec is simple and
you leave comments also left the
It's also for me to know that you
like it want more beauty is this if
part that was not registered for not
to say I'm posting videos from
monday to friday
in this fan and also favorite and canon and
helps to disclose the name because the
more expensive for growing more content
Nice transit for you.
will be much more of the time and this brings a
Special blog of 2,500 but it will take time
a little gives the name because I found
It was going to take a long time to get to where we
This Thursday is the special of the
subscribers and direct goal we have already spent seven
enrolled
three days later and I passed and I did not
I believed that but I'm with you.
They are helping me a lot and
from beck, you're awesome, and I 'm
knowing you 're liking
I'm looking to bring quality is and
content the best for you guys that you
deserve
sometimes the weight of the ball because if I
I'm trying to improve and I 'm saying
different things and I do not want the same
thing always want testing 36 who
I need to shore or do not know there is ipi
doing according to what you
They like beauty but that's what it is.
staying here I'll leave it to you
but you have to be patient knowing
beauty and that's it, she said and went